Cloud security analytics guide (#2658)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/csa/index.md

---
slug: /csa
title: Cloud Security Analytics
tags: [csa, cloud security analytics, security]
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Cloud Security Analytics is a cloud-based security system that provides the following functionality: 

> * Collection of log and event data from your infrastructure and applications, on-premise and in-cloud.
> * Correlation of the collected data to reduce the volume of info you need to sift through to investigate issues.
> * Apps, dashboards, and tools to analyze security data.

Reviewer: I'd try to make this parallel structure.... something like

```suggestion
* Collects log and event data from your infrastructure and applications, on-premise and in-cloud.
* Correlates collected data to reduce the volume of info you need to sift through to investigate issues.
* Produces apps, dashboards, and tools that analyze your security data.
```
